Add fields to Microsoft Sentinel mirror out (#35546)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_6_0.md

#### Scripts

##### New: MicrosoftSentinelSetOwnerButton

> - New: This script is used to set owner in remote system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: This script is used by the *Microsoft Sentinel - default layout* to set the owner in Microsoft Sentinel.
```

Author: Done

##### MicrosoftSentinelConvertCommentsToTable

- Improved implementation of the fields relevant to the layout of comments.

##### New: MicrosoftSentinelSubmitNewComment

- New: This script is used to add a new comment to incident. The new comment will appear in the comments field only after mirroring in.

#### Incident Fields

- **Microsoft Sentinel Owner** - The owner field locked to changes. to change the owner field u can use the 'Set Remote Owner' button.

#### Layouts

##### Microsoft Sentinel - default layout

> - Improved layout. Now you can edit the owner field and add new comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now set the owner and add comments.
```

Author: Done
